Add description for alwaysUsePipeline option to user guide (#2474)
pipe-cd/pipe: docs/content/en/docs/user-guide/configuration-reference.md

| outFilename | string | The filename for the decrypted secret. Empty means the same name with the sealed secret file. | No |
| outDir | string | The directory name where to put the decrypted secret. Empty means the same directory with the sealed secret file. | No |

## DeploymentPlanner

| Field | Type | Description | Required |
|-|-|-|-|

> | alwaysUsePipeline | bool | Always use the specified pipeline for all deployments. Default is `false`. | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| alwaysUsePipeline | bool | Always use the defined pipeline to deploy the application in all deployments. Default is `false`. | No |
```
nits

Author: 👍
